There were people out there.
Where you said it was safe to train.
I'll make a call.
The mess will be cleaned.
You think you're the
only one with an army?
Well. that's just a little
nibble of what they can do.
Call me when you come home. Tommy.
Or maybe I just come find you.
I am planning on stepping back.
I'm making you vice
president of operations.
What are your thoughts on Rebecca?
The way she works is a liability.
If she negotiates oil
leases like she litigates.
we won't have any leases to service.
Studying for a test?
- What's the subject?
- Our future.
I can't trust this right now.
Maybe just focus on
your own life for now.
We'll see where this thing goes.
If you're looking for
work. I ain't got none.
If you're looking to sell me something.
I ain't got no money to buy it with.
I'm looking to make you money.
How you gonna do that?
Now. the rest of the story.
And to this one. let's both pay attention.
What gold was in earlier
ages oil is in these days.
Oil is the Paramount factor
in the political economies of the day.
Besides the material
ingredients of petroleum.
there are involved in it
the moral elements of peace or war
and friendship or
antagonism between races
and nations and creeds.
Oil may soothe the troubled waters
of the eternal seas.
but it only adds unrest
to the troubled waters
of international diplomacy.
Oil has become the great
international issue of the hour.
It lurks in the background
of virtually every problem
now engaging the
attention of world statesmen.
Politics has become
the politics of petroleum.
Almost no move is
made on that chessboard
that is not tinctured with oil.
including the pending situation
in the near east. all the
way from the persian Gulf
to the golden horn.
But I'm telling you pretty much
what you already know. am I not?
I mean. you know that
we need to conserve.
You know that gas
prices are intolerably high.
You know that oil and
international unrest
are practically synonymous.
Of course. had we
only foreseen this crisis.
we might. by now. be
so much further down
the figurative road on the
way to energy independence.
Cami?
Hey.
- Alan.
- Tommy.
So. what do we know?
Well. we don't know anything.
He was already in
surgery when we got here.
Cardiologist said a dietician found him
on the floor unresponsive.
They got him stabilized. and here we are.
Nothing to do but wait and pray.
There are some things
we should discuss
if those prayers aren't answered.
All right.
Well. monty's will states that.
upon his death or incapacitation.
you are to be made president.
and facilitate the sale of the company.
The proceeds are to be
split between a foundation.
which cami will run.
and a trust. which you
will serve as executor.
Monty's fighting for his life.
We can look at that later if he loses.
but right now. let's
focus on the win. okay?
Well. whether he lives or dies.
he is incapacitated.
And there's a $167
million dollar farm-out
that's waiting to be executed.
He needs a heart transplant. Tommy.
Is that what they're doing?
Well. they're trying to get him
stable enough to receive one.
They won't risk the organ on a recipient
that isn't healthy enough
to survive the procedure.
much less the body's
reaction to a foreign organ.
He is already incapacitated.
and he will stay that way
for the foreseeable future.
Will you accept the position
as president of m-Tex
oil and the family estate?
Yes.
And will you
accept the role as
executor of the family trust?
Yes. but I want a board
with both of you on it.
Yeah. that's fine.
Cami?
Well. what does that mean?
It means you vote on
the decisions I make.
And who else is on
the board besides us?
- Who manages his money?
- Goldman.
Okay. somebody from Goldman.
Okay.
Talk to me about this farm-out.
Well. look. it's...
The lease holder is over-leveraged
and can't raise the capital.
Field's rich.
We recoup our expenses
before an 80/20 split
that settles at 65/35.
It can be a 10x deal. assuming
we increase our production.
which I believe we can.
What's the worst-case scenario?
Worst case?
Worst case is another covid
or opec floods the market.
oil drops below 60
and puts us out of business in a year.
And what's best case?
$1.2. $1.4 billion dollars in 48 months.
Or do what monty would do
and sell the paper for
800 million in six months
and go find the next one.
Well. there aren't any
more next ones. Tommy.
Can you sell it now?
It's worthless till we drill.
I could blow up the deal.
and then whatever he has now
is what they have going forward.
He set aside for you. I know he did.
Cami.
You don't need a foundation.
Let's sell this thing now.
Your kids' kids will never have to work.
And then what? Then what. Tommy?
You know. all he wanted
is to be remembered.
That's it.
Not for the money.
but for what we do with the money.
And. yeah...
I-I have enough to live and live well.
But do I have enough to
make the world remember him?
Well. sell the fucking plane.
You can build a hell of a
high school football stadium.
I don't know what to tell you. cami.
I'm sorry.
It's just... That's what's killing him.
trying to be immortal.
You want it to kill you. too?
You have 200 million
bucks laying around?
No. I don't.
Okay. so we get a
loan. Because of the risk.
it's prohibitive. That's 12 to 14%
that you have to personally guarantee.
That means the house and the ranch
and the place in Aspen. all that shit.
There's way more oil
men who went bankrupt
than became billionaires.
This is that kind of deal.
Here comes the doctor.
- Cami?
- Yeah.
Monty suffered a
ruptured aortic aneurysm.
which is a tear of the aortic wall
which causes internal
bleeding at a very rapid rate.
Because of the size
and nature of the rupture.
we were required to do open surgery.
We removed the damaged
portion of the aorta.
We replaced it with a graft.
We have him on an extracorporeal
membrane oxygenation machine.
which pumps and oxygenates
his blood while his heart recovers.
At this point. the best
option is a transplant.
Once he's stable enough.
we will seek a donor.
Okay. chances?
Wh-what are his chances?
If we can find a donor
in the near future. the chances are good.
One-year survival rates are over 70%.
But we are on a clock.
We need the organ sooner than later.
And how long can he survive without it?
There's no way to Gauge that.
If he can make it two weeks.
I feel pretty good about our chances.
When can I see him?
Let's get through the
next 24 hours. okay?
If there's any change in his condition.
I will let you know.
You want to know the
last thing that I said to him?
"You need a shave."
28 years of marriage.
and the last thing I said to him is
you need a fucking shave.
- Yeah.
- It's gone.
- What did I tell you?
- No.
The whole fucking thing.
The Van. the tire tracks. everything.
What did I fucking tell you?
So now what?
Now nothing.
Nothing for you.
I've got two freaked out pilots
and a mortar crew wanting
to call fucking lawyers.
All right. give me two minutes.
Yeah.
Isn't everything you guys do
supposed to be classified?
What am I. a fucking Navy seal?
We're a national guard unit. Tommy.
These guys are auto mechanics
and insurance salesmen.
Well. let me tell you something. bud.
They're gonna look pretty fucking dumb
confessing to a crime
where there's no fucking evidence
and no fucking witnesses
and. most important.
no fucking victim.
I would suggest that everybody
get amnesia real fucking fast.
We on the same page?
Yeah. I'll talk to 'em.
I recommend it.
Bye.
I want to say something
to you about faith and hope
and all that. but
since I don't believe in it.
it's kind of hard to ask you to.
But I will say this.
Monty is the luckiest man
I've ever known in my life.
He wins when everybody.
and I mean everybody. loses.
So if I was still a betting man.
I'd bet on him pulling through.
Still smoking?
You're still a betting man every day.
Now go and make a bet for me.
Close the farm-out.
And we roll the dice one last time.
Shit. I forgot.
Here.
Load 'em up.
That's a lot of 20s.
Here. Bob. Here. babe.
Now we're talking.
No. baby.
Baby. you got to ration it. Bob.
This is all you get.
What do you think?
What do I think?
What do I think about these
skinny bitches reminding me
of what I can't do anymore?
What do you think I think?
Well. I have a dancer for you. too. Ethel.
Right.
I do.
Well. why are you hiding him. then?
Okay. just give me a minute.
You're gonna be real excited. Ethel.
I doubt it.
Go get him.
This is... This is...
- This is...
- First time can be
pretty nerve-racking. but after that.
it can be really fun.
You should do a shot of vodka.
Loosen the nerves.
It's 11 in the morning.
I have football practice.
- How old are you?
- Does it matter?
State of Texas is pretty picky about it.
Babe.
We need you out there.
It's your time to shine.
There's only 20 minutes before
their nap. so it won't be long.
I-I'm having second thoughts.
But we had a deal.
And you're getting the better end of it.
Remember. whatever you
do for them. I do for you.
You look great.
It'll be fun. Come on.
I'm ready.
Fuck.
This is the stupidest thing
I've ever done in my life.
It's for the old folks.
- Good lord. baby.
- I know.
You better double-bag that thing.
I'm not changing any diapers.
Don't worry. mama.
You can't get pregnant
from what I promised.
Baby.
That's good.
Just feel the music.
- Just shake your ass!
- Yeah!
Go earn some money!
Lord have mercy!
No! No! God. you can't sit on her lap.
You'll break her pelvis. tiger.
I don't know what to do.
Baby. you just put your foot on her chair
and you just grind your hips to the music.
- I can't do that.
- It's not what I heard.
- Not what I heard either.
- I also heard you won't be
doing it anymore if you don't do it here.
Come on.
Man up.
Lord have mercy! Lord have mercy!
Go. go. go. go. go!
My god.
He's really sweet. isn't he?
I mean. he is a real keeper. baby.
He runs a 4.4.
Shit. With that ass. I'm not surprised.
You did a real good thing. mama.
Feels good. baby.
We should do it again in a few months.
You say months? I want
to go back tomorrow.
Hi. everyone have fun?
Wore 'em out.
Good. Ethel. what did you think?
It was great.
It was fucking great. Fucking great.
All right.
Everybody. wake up. Let's
start unloading out the side.
Come on.
Richie. want to give me a hand?
Easily the most immoral
and irresponsible thing
I've ever witnessed in my life.
You need to grow a
pair and get out more.
Is that what you did?
Good day. Bob?
She gave me her number.
Leave that with me.
I don't need her taking
your social security.
It's my little trooper.
Boy. do you owe me.
Boy. do I.
Want to come over tonight?
I'll get you paid.
Is this what it's gonna be like?
- With you? This crazy?
- This is not crazy. baby.
This is free.
Life is a two-minute drill.
Isn't that everyone's
favorite part of the game?
It's mine.
Well... We just play the
whole game that way.
I'll see you tonight.
All right. I'll see you later.
Bye.
- I figured you'd be calling.
- Where are you?
Irrelevant and none of your business.
Well. we need to meet.
and it makes it kind of
tricky if you're in Houston.
I'm in town.
How about the patch at five?
N-No. somewhere private.
Yeah. let's see.
The employee who is convinced
I want him fired would like to meet alone.
Yeah. that sounds like
a fantastic idea. Tommy.
Pick the dirt road out in the oil fields
where there's no
witnesses or cell service.
That sounds like a great fucking idea.
Yeah. well. I'm convinced cause
you told me and you told my boss
and you told everybody
else who would fucking listen.
I think the oil field is exactly
where we ought to meet.
And why is that?
Because you need to renegotiate
a $170 million dollar farm-out lease.
and I think you need at
least a basic understanding
of what you're renegotiating.
You know what?
Since you know so much.
why don't you renegotiate it?
Two reasons. honey. One.
it's not my fucking job. it's yours.
And two. the president of the company
needs a buffer in negotiations.
- and you need...
- I don't need a lecture
in negotiating. Tommy.
I have a law degree in it.
And you know what?
Monty already has a buffer.
So get in there and give it your all.
I'll be there to clean up
the mess when you're done.
Monty's not the president anymore.
I am.
Why are you president?
Because monty's laid up in a hospital
waiting for a fucking heart transplant
that he's not strong enough to survive.
and the trust named me president.
And if you don't think that firing you
is at the top of my to-do list.
then I haven't made a
strong enough impression.
But he sees something in you.
Now's your chance to let me see it. too.
Why not just fire me and use Nate?
Because Nate is a very good lawyer.
and nothing will fuck up a
great deal like a good lawyer.
I need a fucking closer.
I need a killer. somebody
they don't see coming.
and you're certainly that.
Send me a pin. and I
would like to point out.
I am licensed to carry
concealed in this state.
I'd like to point out. Rebecca.
that you don't need a license
to carry concealed in this state.
That's why we all wave at
each other when we're driving.
Cause everybody's fucking armed.
I'll send you a pin.
I'll see you there in three hours.
How is he?
He's dying. Nate.
What chances do the doctors give him?
Well. the crumbs of hope they drop
are getting smaller.
you know what I mean?
Who takes over?
Me. for now. till it gets sold.
Trust wants to sweeten the
package by moving forward
with the farm-out in wolf camp.
What about the
workovers in sage creek?
Those go. too.
Tommy. that's 300 million in capital.
You need a 55% strike
in both to make the nut.
Yep.
So we're just gonna bankrupt
his children with his last deal?
We're not gonna bankrupt anybody
cause we're gonna
strike a bunch of oil. Nate.
That's not how it works. and you know it.
You mitigate risk.
Or maximize it in roi.
That's what we're gonna do.
I'm not sure I can negotiate
that in clean conscience.
You don't have to. Rebecca's
keeping lead on this.
- Rebecca?
- Yeah.
Well. that's just fucking great.
Look. Nate. I need your help. okay?
She can swing the numbers.
but she can't paper it.
We'll figure out the hierarchy
after all this shit's over.
but I need the two of you
at the table in the morning.
Explain the need to rush.
Well. probate court
pauses all future operations
for a year or longer.
How's that for a reason?
Look. I don't think
it's right either. Nate.
but that's what cami asked me to do.
so that means that's
what monty told her to do.
so that's what we do.
You're asking me to
swallow a lot of pride. Tommy.
I need it. Nate.
All right.
You got it.
Okay.
Well. you and Dale meet
me at the transfer station
at Reagan at five. okay?
Will do.
Fuck.
- Hey. baby.
- My god! It was so fun.
Hi. daddy!
Say hi to your baby.
- Hi.
- Jesus. god.
that's a lot of estrogen. girls.
Hey. baby. let's not yell at daddy. okay?
They loved it. Loved it.
They had so much fun that
we're gonna bring 'em back.
And everyone at the strip
club was so nice to us.
- They were so nice. I know.
- Amazing.
So you did do that. Okay.
Well. I guess I'm glad
they had a good time.
God.
You know. well. we got to celebrate.
What time you gonna be home?
It's gonna be late.
Dad. can you come home early tonight?
- How late?
- Please?
It's gonna be really late. hon.
You're no fun. None.
You're just a grumpy little stinker.
Grumpy.
Grumper.
Listen. Angela.
Monty's not gonna make it.
I don't think he's gonna make it.
Aw. honey. I'm so sorry.
Are you okay?
Yeah. Yeah.
What does that mean for you. babe?
I mean. do you have
to look for a job. or...?
Well. sweetheart.
men die. oil companies don't die.
My job ain't going anywhere.
We are here for anything
that you need. okay? Anything.
- Okay. honey.
- We love you.
I love you.
I love you. too. baby.
Talk to you girls later.
Used to be I could run...
Aw. hell. I could run 300
wheat steers on this pasture.
But with the cost of feed and fertilizer
and drought after
drought. wheat steers at...
Well. hell. they're running 228.
ain't been weaned.
I got to straighten 'em out.
How the hell am I gonna do
all that and make any money?
Solar company'll pay me 800 an acre.
That's $200.000... Every year.
And that's a straight per-acre lease?
Well. it's based on a
certain amount of kilowatts.
Well. you need the
sun to shine for those.
The sun shining ain't a problem.
Every day. No clouds. no rain.
God forbid if it hails.
I didn't think of the hail.
They did.
You've got 54 Wells on this property.
Only six produce.
And. hell. none of 'em pump
more than ten or 12 barrels a day.
And I'm 18% of that.
This area is all played out.
For these little grasshopper pumps. it is.
But they don't go down 2.000 feet.
They're sucking on a leak.
The shale is 7.000 to 10.000 feet down.
I know. but ain't nobody gonna invest
in swapping Wells
and drilling for 54 Wells.
Hell. most of these leases is expired.
I'm sitting on a stack of minerals
I can't sell for the paper they're on.
I can.
How you gonna do that?
This is 377 on 11.000 acres.
Put together 50 acres at a time.
Seven largest are in the
same situation as you.
Four of 'em have already committed.
But your royalty rate
is not 18% anymore.
It's 25.
Now. you can wreck that wheat field.
hope to make 200 a year.
or we can rework these Wells.
and I can pay you that a month.
You run all the cattle you
want. Who cares what they cost?
That's how it was in the '70s.
Well. power's in the numbers.
A group of small producers
become a big producer.
And just how much
of my 25 do you take?
Not a dime.
You're signing the lease
to me. I'm selling it to them.
Oil company pays me. not you.
That helps you. and
it helps your neighbor.
That's where I'm going next.
What do I got to do?
Just sign the lease.
Then you ain't got to do nothing.
Neither do your kids or their kids.
Well. they got to do something.
I don't need 'em hanging around here.
Well. dig 'em a pool. Let
'em splash around in that.
A swimming pool?
In garza county?
Wouldn't that be something?
Lord help me.
Well. Cooper. nice
doing business with you.
Thank you very much. Mr. Swensen.
You won't regret it.
I hope not.
They've been pumping oil
out of this ground since the '20s.
Then. in the '80s. it started drying up.
By the '90s it's pretty well played out.
This is a shale. It goes all
the way from here to midland.
So just imagine layer
after layer of solid rock
slapped on top of one
another like slices of bread.
And between the slices.
well. that's your butter.
Just figured that out a few years ago.
Now. chevron spent $53 billion dollars
to buy a drilling company to get it out.
So we can assume
the leases on 400 Wells.
but we're gonna have to drill horizontal
and we're gonna have to frack it.
A deal like that's called a farm-out.
So. we have access to 400 Wells.
But it's gonna cost between
11 and 18 million dollars
for each well.
We agreed to the first nine.
That's $162 million dollars.
Now. if we hit on the first four.
that means we're
obligated to drill nine more.
If we hit on four more.
then we're committed to 27.
You see where I'm going with that?
- I do.
- Our deal
is that we recoup on strikes to 120%
and then we start revenue sharing.
It's a pretty good deal
when it's two percent interest.
But at 12%. we're bankrupt in a month
if it turns out the first
nine are dry holes.
Okay. so what do you want from me?
Well. each strike has to pay for itself
and then it has to pay for the next one.
So we got to get ahead of the bank.
You have to make a deal
that pays for the whole thing
on the first home run.
Now. Nate here is gonna
take you through the numbers.
Dale will take you through the science.
By tomorrow you'll be a damn expert.
Why new pumps?
What's wrong with these?
You mean "Wells."
Too shallow.
Well. how deep do they need to be?
Dale?
Between 10.000 and 13.000 feet.
But you got to drill at an angle.
- and then you got to frack it.
- Frack it.
You shoot a shit ton
of salt water down hole.
and you squeeze all
that oil out of the fractures.
then you pump it up. separate the water.
Technology... It changed
the game out here.
Yeah. isn't this the technology
that's causing
earthquakes in Oklahoma?
There were earthquakes in Oklahoma
- before fracking. ma'am.
- Okay.
- Jesus Christ.
- Tommy!
- Yeah?
- Look.
You understand.
I don't think anyone should
be doing this. all right?
I think it should be illegal.
Well. then. you
should've run for congress
instead of getting a
job with an oil company.
I just... I have a very hard time
advocating for something
I believe is wrong.
Says the lawyer.
Good and bad don't
factor into this. Rebecca.
Our great-grandparents built a world
that runs on this shit right here.
Until it starts running on something else.
we got to feed it. or the world stops.
Hey.
There is an alternative.
You can throw your phone
away and trade that Mercedes in
for a bicycle or a horse and
start hunting for your own food
and living in a tent. but
you'll be the only one
and it won't make a
damn bit of difference.
Plus I hear the moral high
ground gets real windy at night.
You were supposed to call me.
It's been one of those days.
I know those days.
You've given me a few.
There's something I want to show you.
All right. I'll follow you.
How about you ride with me?
How about I follow you?
It's quite the view out here.
You bring me to the nicest places.
You think oil companies are so strong.
that you can do anything anywhere.
I looked it up.
We make more money than you.
Than all of you.
You sell your product
for three dollars a gallon.
A gallon of our product
sells for thousands.
and we can't make enough.
You have an army.
We have an army.
You blow things up.
We do. too.
That tank has a sensor
to trigger an alarm.
One goes to the fire department.
one goes to headquarters.
Helicopters will get here first.
And when they put it out.
which will take about a day.
fucking railroad commission
and osha will be crawling
over this fucking place
like fucking ants.
And since they're explosives experts.
they'll know exactly what this is.
And you know who's gonna
climb over this site next?
Congratulations. dude.
You just shut yourself down.
Did you run this by the boss?
Yeah. I didn't think so.
En este lado del río.
I'm the fucking boss.
If you're trying to send a
message. message received.
Wait till you see what we do with it.
That's not the message.
That's the warning.
You're the message.
Saca la bolsa.
Fuck.
Hey. jefe.
Ariana?
Fuck.
Hey.
- I'll be out in a minute.
- Sorry.
Guess we haven't reached
the "barge in the bathroom"
- part of the relationship.
- And we never will.
A girl needs a certain amount of mystery.
Fair enough.
Hey.
Tough day?
Very.
I'm sorry.
Me. too.
This is too soon. isn't it?
Yeah.
Should I leave?
I didn't say leave.
I'm not trying to replace him. Ariana.
Yes. you are. and I'm letting you.
I'm letting you fill
that place in my heart.
But to let you in. I... I
need to move him out.
which means saying goodbye.
Even though he's already gone. I
have to say goodbye in my heart.
What can I do to help?
I don't know.
I've never done this before.
Where was this?
On brazos.
It's a nice boat.
Luis bought it.
And then the crash of 2020.
Then he sold it.
But it was fun. fast.
Where was the wedding?
San Antonio.
You ever been?
I think maybe the most
magical city in the world.
River weaves through the middle of it
like someplace in Italy.
You look beautiful.
Yeah. well.
that was a baby and a
thousand heartaches ago.
I was the baby then.
He's being a better sport
about that than I would've been.
Hey. if you're lucky enough
to have a reception with me.
I will put the cake wherever I want
and you will say "thank you."
Yes. ma'am. Thank you.
That's right. Start practicing now.
You two were a beautiful couple.
Thank you.
You were.
For this.
Thank you.
I'll walk through every
memory with you. if you want.
Every one.
I do.
Wow.
- Okay. give me that.
- No.
- I think I like this one.
- Okay. Cooper. no.
- No. this is my favorite.
- No.
- Just give me.
- This one's the best.
Cooper!
Yeah?
- Hello. sir. Is Ainsley here?
- You don't know?
Don't know... what?
If she's here.
I sure hope she's here.
Yeah. but you don't know.
So you just decided to fucking drop by.
- Yeah. she told me to swing by.
- So you do know she's here.
Unless she left.
Why would she leave if
she told you to come over?
Sir. I-I don't know what
look. if you know she's here. just say
"I would like to see Ainsley"
or "may I see Ainsley?"
It makes no fucking
sense to ask if she's here.
You know she's here. I know she's here.
Everyone in this fucking
house knows she's here.
Now what you gonna do?
What you gonna do. boy?
I'm just fucking with you.
Come on. Come on in.
It's all right.
Your fucking face. "Ooh."
- Evening. Mrs. Norris.
- Hello. Ryder.
- What you making?
- I'm just clarifying butter.
Well. that smells amazing. I
could eat a whole bowl of it.
If you did. you wouldn't
have that little peanut-butt
for long.
She's upstairs.
Thank you.
It's open.
Close the door.
See the chair beneath the lights?
Yeah?
Sit.
You're gonna want to
take off that itchy shirt.
Doesn't itch.
You take it off.
And the boots?
There's no reason to stop there.
- Are you done?
- Yeah.
I went to the trouble of
wrapping your present.
I think I love you.
You think?
I know.
That's better.
What you did for those old folks.
it meant the world to them.
Meant the world to me.
I can do it again. you know.
Whatever you need.
I might take you up on that.
Deal's a deal.
Unwrap me.
You probably think I
have your head covered
so you don't know where you are.
I don't care if you know.
Because you won't live to tell
anyone what you saw anyway.
Your army.
your special forces
trained Mexico's policía
to combat the cartels.
Taught us all sorts of tricks.
This is one of them.
I take away one of your senses.
and it magnifies the others.
Like sound.
¿Ves?
And everything is a surprise.
All this pain magnified.
because I took your sight.
When someone is truly terrified.
they lose feeling.
They may scream in horror
when you slice into their stomach.
but they can't feel it.
No.
The shock of seeing
it. nah. it's too much.
But when you can't see
then you feel everything.
Eso. You scream.
From the pain. not the horror.
I can make this last all night. and I will.
How much product did you fucking lose?
What's the number
you need. motherfucker?
No. you had your chance to negotiate.
That's not why you're here.
You're here so the one
who replaces you takes
the chance when he has it.
Goddamn it!
Motherfucker. Fuck you!
Fucking light me on fire.
you goddamn cocksucker.
Fuck you!
- Fuck me?
- Yeah. fuck you.
Okay.
Okay. Tommy.
Son of a...
No. I think... fuck you.
- Fuck you. Tommy!
- God!
Listo.
Más temprano. cuando
está más tranquilo.
Mueve la Van atras.
Cerca de las puertas.
One flick of this and it's goodbye to you
pinche Tommy.
You heard from Tommy?
No.
He's not answering my calls.
Did he... Did he go back to fort worth?
Cause you can't use a cell in the icu.
Maybe that's it.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I'm happy.
You sure don't sound happy.
Have you ever done this before?
I'd done about half of it.
I'd barely even thought of the other half.
I mean like-like this.
Sleeping together.
No.
Never.
Me neither.
Will you stay?
The night?
Your dad will kill me.
I won't let him.
Ainsley. he will kick the shit out of me.
That's a possibility.
Please.
I don't want to be alone.
I'll take my chances.
Hey.
Huevón.
Levántate.
Estamos cerrado.
Bueno.
- ¿Hay gente afuera?
- Sí.
Pero están saliendo.
¿No quieres una pistol a?
No.
Es UN cuchillo para este joto.
¡Vamos. vamos. vamos. vamos. vamos!
Knock. knock.
Suéltalo.
Córtalo. coño.
Córtalo.
I'd offer you one. but I'm
not sure it's a good idea.
That's all right. I'll take my chances.
Be careful now.
You good?
Yeah. I'm just fucking dandy.
You will be.
Jimenez. he did not
understand what I understand.
Which is that we must coexist.
There are times where you lose things
trucks. planes.
and there are times I lose things
trucks. planes. merchandise.
That's just business.
So.
How do we get back to where it was
so we can... So we can coexist?
Well. you understand.
above everything else
nobody can escalate
this higher than we can.
And I'm guessing you know that.
Otherwise you wouldn't be here.
So... You want to go back
stay out of our fucking way.
Or I go sit with every ceo
of every oil company
in the permian basin
and we build the DEA a fucking city.
For free.
It ain't nothing for us to throw
ten or 20 billion dollars at a problem.
Nothing.
Now. you got a couple of
sheriffs and some judges
and some mayors
along the border there.
We've got ex-presidents on our boards.
And senators.
Hell. chevron named a fucking oil tanker
after condoleezza rice.
Here's the thing.
You have no idea
who you're fucking with.
And if you kill me
and hang me off a goddamn bridge.
guess what happens next.
We blow up the fucking bridge.
We're the last bear
you want to poke. bud.
because we have unlimited funds
and unlimited connections.
We have... We have the
same senators. my friend.
the same presidents. and
we have the same enemies.
You and I have the same enemies.
And there's nothing that
you have that I don't have.
And. well. you don't
want the world to know
how you make the thing you sell.
and I don't want the world to
know how I do the thing I sell.
The world is a better
place if we are friends.
I get that.
But we ain't ever gonna be friends.
What's that?
We ain't ever gonna be friends.
Yeah. we're gonna be friends.
Yeah. we'll see about that.
You need to avoid us
like the goddamn plague
and we'll do the same.
And if our paths ever do cross.
then everybody's gonna be real friendly
and everybody's gonna be real forgiving.
Well. that's advice we both should take.
It's a good start.
Police chief.
We should go. The police are here.
Vamos a irnos para afuera por atrás.
Go on. We should go.
Come on. Okay.
This way.
Going out the back.
Hold on. hold on. Wait for me. amigo.
I got you. Watch your step here.
- ¿Estamos bien?
- Todo bien.
Watch your step.
- You got a cell phone?
- Yeah.
Call somebody you trust.
Tell them to bring you some clothes.
You can't walk out of here like that.
One more.
Okay. there's a washroom up here.
Make sure it's clear.
Yeah. we're good.
All right. Right there.
You know we own land where you drill.
Yeah.
There's no money in that land. though.
Money's beneath the surface.
I'd like to talk to you about
that when you have some time.
I'll make the time.
There you go. Who
says we can't be friends?
We make enough money.
we're gonna be real good friends.
There's no future in the product you sell.
I'm more curious about
the product you sell.
Mine's running out of future. too.
Maybe so. but there's
still some future left.
Washroom's in the
back. Call your friend.
Stay here till he comes. Vámonos.
Let's go.
Here.
Keep the smokes.
I'd give you my lighter. but
belonged to my father.
Hey. I'm gonna send you
a pin. Come pick me up.
There ain't gonna be
no hiding that shiner.
I'll just tell her I had a car wreck.
You need to go to the
hospital for your leg.
No fucking telling what was on that thing.
I'm not going to the fucking hospital.
Well. I'm just saying. think about
d-Dale. I'm not going
to the fucking hospital.
Fine. I'll shut up.
Let me at least get you a doctor
to meet you at the
camp in the afternoon.
Let me do that for you. Tommy.
And tell him what?
Tell him...
Tell him that you shot
yourself with a nail gun
while you was building
a fucking sundeck.
I don't know.
I don't fucking...
You all right?
Take it easy. take it easy.
How are you
how are you doing. you know. up here?
What?
You mean mentally?
Yeah. something like that. Sure.
I think I'm gonna start drinking again.
Why you sleeping on the couch?
I didn't want to wake you up. honey.
What happened to your face?
I had a car wreck.
Bullshit.
You would've called me
if you had a car wreck.
- Sit down.
- Don't tell me what to do.
Honey. please just sit down beside me.
This better be fucking good.
Honey?
There are gonna be
things that I can't tell you.
That you can't tell me?
Just trust me.
One thing I can tell you
is that my whole life
passed before my eyes.
and all I saw was you.
I'm-a make you breakfast.
You hungry?
No. babe.
Blueberry pancakes.
Does that sound good?
Okay.
That sounds great.
Morning. daddy.
Morning. baby.
Morning. sir.
I don't have the fucking energy for this.
You better run. buddy.
They kill coyotes around here.